Document version of setuptools introducing support for PEP 639 (#4904)
pypa/setuptools: docs/userguide/pyproject_config.rst

   # ... other project metadata fields as listed in:
   #     https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/

.. important::

>    Support for
>    :external+PyPUG:ref:`project.license-files <pyproject-toml-license-files>`

Reviewer: Just wondering, would this be a better link target here?
https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/#license-files

```suggestion
   Support for
   :external+PyPUG:ref:`project.license-files <license-file>`
```

Author: Oh, no, I did not see this page. I ended up openning a PR 
 to the other one, https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/pull/1832 so that we could have more specific targets.

>    and SPDX license expressions in
>    :doc:`project.license <PyPUG:specifications/pyproject-toml>` (:pep:`639`)

Reviewer: And here maybe this one?
https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/#license
```suggestion
   and SPDX license expressions in
   :external+PyPUG:ref:`project.license <license>` (:pep:`639`)
```

Reviewer: Hope I used the correct link target. This page is quite useful for it
https://webknjaz.github.io/intersphinx-untangled/packaging.python.org/

Author: Thank you!

>    were introduced in version 71.0.0.

Reviewer: Should this be `77.0.3` instead? Same for the other file.

Author: Umm, 77.0.0 introduces the features and really there was no code bugs in that version.
70.0.1 fixes docs/CI issues not related to the code itself, it is functionally identical to 77.0.1.
77.0.2 is another set of unrelated changes (I believe in distutils).
77.0.3 just postpones some of the removals (but those were not bugs to start with), but does not change functionality.

So if the users really buy into PEP 639 and are willing to handle the deprecations, anything >= 77.0.0 would work.

I am happy to change to 77.0.3, but toe people willing to adopt the bew standard, 77.0.0 is fully functional.

Author: I have to change this wrong 71 to 77 anyway...
